A Multimedia Office Filing System.
Benchmarking Database Systems A Systematic Approach.
Application of Novel Technologies to the Management of a Very Large Date Base.
A Surrogate Concept for Engineering Databases.
Active Databases as a Paradigm for Enhanced Computing Environments.
Building Usable Menu-Based Natural Language Interfaces To Databases.
The Multipurpose Presentation System.
How Does an Expert System Get its Data? (Extended Abstract).
Obtaining Progressive Protocols for a Simple Multiversion Database Model.
Solving the Phantom Problem by Predicative Optimistic Concurrency Control.
Disjoint-Interval Topological Sort: A Useful Concept in Serializability Theory (Extended Abstract).
A Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocol for Concurrency Control in General Databases.
Empirical Comparison of Database Concurrency Schemes.
Basic Timestamp, Multiple Version Timestamp, and Two-Phase Locking.
A Quantitative Comparison of Lockprotocols for Centralized Databases.
A Dynamic Hash File for Random and Sequential Accessing.
The Reconstruction and Optimization of Trie Hashing Functions.
An Implementation of Hypothetical Relations.
AIM - An Integrity Monitor for the Database System INGRES.
Universal Relation Views: A Pragmatic Approach.
Database Decomposition into Fourth Normal Form.
Operations and the Properties on Non-First-Normal-Form Relational Databases.
LAURA: A Formal Data Model and her Logical Design Methodology.
A Pragmatic Approach to Structured Database Design.
A Modularization Mechanism for Conceptual Modeling.
Database Partitioning in a Cluster of Processors.
File Allocation in Distributed Databases with Interaction between Files.
An Analytic Approach to Statistical Databases.
File Redundancy Issues in Distributed Database Systems.
A Model for Integrated Information Systems.
A Data Modeling Approach to Simplify the Design of User Interfaces.
The Integrated Data Model: A Database Perspective.
Query-By-Example: Operations on Piecewise Continuous Data (Extended Abstract).
A Target Logical Schema: The ACS.
Characterization of Well-Behaved Database Schemata and Their Update Semantics.
An Abstract Introduction to the Temporal-Hierarchic Data Model (THM).
A Modal System of Algebras for Database Specification and Query/Update Language Support.
Processing Queries Over Generalization Hierarchies in a Multidatabase System.
Supporting a Semantic Data Model in a Distributed Database System.
An Approach to Object Sharing in Distributed Datbase Systems.
View Management in Distributed Data Base Systems.
High-Level Navigational Facilities for Network and Relational Databases.
Program Analysis for Conversion from a Navigation to a Specification Database Interface.
Modelling Information Preserving Databases: Consequences of the Concept of Time.