The Changing Landscape of the Software Industry and its Implications for India.
Very Large Databases in a Commercial Application Environment.
Of Objects and Databases: A Decade of Turmoil.
Filter Trees for Managing Spatial Data over a Range of Size Granularities.
The X-tree : An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Data.
Analysis of n-Dimensional Quadtrees using the Hausdorff Fractal Dimension.
WATCHMAN : A Data Warehouse Intelligent Cache Manager.
Efficient Snapshot Differential Algorithms for Data Warehousing.
Incremental Maintenance of Externally Materialized Views.
Optimization of Queries with User-defined Predicates.
The Design and Implementation of a Sequence Database System.
EROC: A Toolkit for Building NEATO Query Optimizers.
A New SQL-like Operator for Mining Association Rules.
Sampling Large Databases for Association Rules.
Constructing Efficient Decision Trees by Using Optimized Numeric Association Rules.
Reordering Query Execution in Tertiary Memory Databases.
Query Processing Techniques for Multiversion Access Methods.
Coalescing in Temporal Databases.
Effective & Efficient Document Ranking without using a Large Lexicon.
PESTO : An Integrated Query/Browser for Object Databases.
Fast Nearest Neighbor Search in Medical Image Databases.
Query Decomposition and View Maintenance for Query Languages for Unstructured Data.
SchemaSQL - A Language for Interoperability in Relational Multi-Database Systems.
Querying Heterogeneous Information Sources Using Source Descriptions.
Supporting State-Wide Immunisation Tracking Using Multi-Paradigm Workflow Technology.
ZOO : A Desktop Experiment Management Environment.
Applying Data Mining Techniques to a Health Insurance Information System.
Querying Multiple Features of Groups in Relational Databases.
Modeling Skewed Distribution Using Multifractals and the `80-20' Law.
Answering Queries with Aggregation Using Views.
Semantic Data Caching and Replacement.
Clustering Techniques for Minimizing External Path Length.
Disseminating Updates on Broadcast Disks.
Implementation and Analysis of a Parallel Collection Query Language.
Calibrating the Query Optimizer Cost Model of IRO-DB, an Object-Oriented Federated Database System.
Cost-based Selection of Path Expression Processing Algorithms in Object-Oriented Databases.
Obtaining Complete Answers from Incomplete Databases.
Object Fusion in Mediator Systems.
The Role of Integrity Constraints in Database Interoperation.
Dynamic Load Balancing in Hierarchical Parallel Database Systems.
Estimation of Query-Result Distribution and its Application in Parallel-Join Load Balancing.
Intra-Transaction Parallelism in the Mapping of an Object Model to a Relational Multi-Processor System.
Supporting Periodic Authorizations and Temporal Reasoning in Database Access Control.
Querying a Multilevel Database: A Logical Analysis.
Further Improvements on Integrity Constraint Checking for Stratifiable Deductive Databases.
On the Computation of Multidimensional Aggregates.
Storage Estimation for Multidimensional Aggregates in the Presence of Hierarchies.
Information Retrieval from an Incomplete Data Cube.
SPRINT: A Scalable Parallel Classifier for Data Mining.
Modeling Design Versions.
Integrating Triggers and Declarative Constraints in SQL Database Sytems.
Practical Issues with Commercial Use of Federated Databases.
Supporting Procedural Constructs in SQL Compilers.
Extracting Large Data Sets using DB2 Parallel Edition.
Cache Coherency in Oracle Parallel Server.
Scalablity and Availability in Oracle7 7.3.
Bellcore's ADAPT/X Harness System for Managing Information on Internet and Intranets.
DISNIC-PLAN: A NICNET Based Distributed Database for Micro-level Planning in India.
Large Databases for Remote Sensing and GIS.
DWMS: Data Warehouse Management System.
The XPS Approach to Loading and Unloading Terabyte Databases.
How System 11 SQL Server Became Fast.
Using Referential Integrity To Easily Define Consistent Subset Replicas.
The Query Optimizer in Tandem's new ServerWare SQL Product.
TPC-D: The Challenges, Issues and Results.
Tribeca: A Stream Database Manager for Network Traffic Analysis.
MineSet(tm): A System for High-End Data Mining and Visualization.
The Structured Information Manager: A Database System for SGML Documents.
Loading the Data Warehouse Across Various Parallel Architectures.
Performance of Future Database Systems: Bottlenecks and Bonananzas.
Database Management Systems and the Internet.
What is the Data Warehousing Problem? (Are Materialized Views the Answer?).