TIMBER: A Sophisticated Relation Browser (Invited Paper).
An Interactive Query Language for External Data Bases.
GUIDE: Graphical User Interface for Database Exploration.
System D: A Distributed System for Availability.
Heterogeneity in the Distributed Database Management System SIRIUS-DELTA.
A Heuristic Approach to Distributed Query Processing.
A Sophisticate's Introduction to Distributed Concurrency Control (Invited Paper).
A Formal Model for Maximum Concurrency in Transaction Systems with Predeclared Writesets.
An Efficient Deadlock Removal Scheme for Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocols.
Physical Design of Network Model Databases Using the Property of Separability.
IDBD - An Interactive Design Tool for CODASYL-DBTG-Type Data bases.
Storage and Access Structures to Support a Semantic Data Model.
Reflections on Boyce-Codd Normal Form.
A Methodology for View Inegration in Logical Database Design.
Choices in Practical Data Design.
Consistency and Transactions in CAD Database.
Randomizing, A Practical Method for Protecting Statistical Databases Against Compromise.
Data Structures for an Integrated Data Base Management and Information Retrieval System.
Statistical Databases: Characteristics, Problems, and some Solutions.
Microprocessor Assisted Tuple Access, Decompression and Assembly for Statistical Database Systems.
Metadata Management for Large Statistical Databases.
Databases for Computer Aided Design and Manufacturing.
An Implementation of Impure Surrogates.
A Mechanism for Managing the Buffer Pool in a Relational Database System Using the Hot Set Model.
On Line Processing of Compacted Relations.
Database Applications in Developing Countries.
Specification-Based Computing Environments.
A Temporal Framework for Database Specifications.
Semantic Integrity Dependencies and Delayed Integrity Checking.
A Single-File Version of Linear Hashing with Partial Expansions.
Parallel Algorithms and Their Implementation in MICRONET.
The Size of Projections of Relations Satisfying a Functional Dependency.
Formalization of Database Systems - and a Formal Definition of IMS (Invited Paper).
A Denotational Definition of the Semantics of DRC, A Domain Relational Calculus.
Semantics of Network Data Manipulation Languages: An Object-Oriented Approach.
On the Algebraic Specification of Databases.
The Database/Data Dictionary Interface.