Information Processing Systems in a Database Environment.
Design and Performance Tools for Data Base Systems.
Toward a Design Methodology for DBMS: A Software Engineering Approach.
Extended Set Theory.
A Survey of Research and Development in Distributed Database Management.
Database Machine Architecture in the Context of Information Technology Evolution.
A Survey: The Application of Data Base Management Computers in Distributed Systems.
Design Criteria for Distributed Database Systems.
Models of Distributed Systems.
Architectural Issues in Distributed Data Base Systems.
Observations on Data Manipulation Languages and Their Embedding in General Purpose Programming Languages.
Standardization and Database Systems.
Using New Clues to Find Data.
Some Comments on Human Archival Memory as a Very Large Data Base.
Psychological Issues in Data Base Management.
Panel: User's View of Very Large Database Applications.
Panel: Directions in Database Research.
An Architectural Extension for a Large Database System Incorporating a Processor for Disk Search.
Data File Management in Shift Register Memories.
Associative Programming in CASSM and its Applications.
Design of a Balanced Multiple Valued File Organization Schema with the Least Redundancy.
Evaluation of Combinatorial File Orgenization Schemes.
A Scan-Driven Sort Facility for a Relational Database System.
A Conceptual Design of a Generalized Database Subsystem.
A Direct Access Terabit Archival Memory.
Tertiary Memory Access and Performance in the Datacomputer.
Total Hospital Information System of Komagome Metropolitan Hospital.
Encoding, Decoding and Storing Melodies for a Data Base of Renaissance Polyphony: A Progress Report.
Architecture of the SOFIS Data Base Management System.
Developing a Natural Language Interface to Complex Data.
IDA: An Intelligent Data Access Program.
User-Oriented Data Base Query with the ROBOT Natural Language Query System.
Coexistence and Transformation of Data.
A Processing Interface for Multiple External Schema Access to a Data Base Management System.
Schema Analysis for Database Restructuring.
A Unified Approach to Program and Data Conversion.
A Relational Data Language with Simplified Binary Relation Handling Capability.
Structure and Implementation of a Relational Query Language for the Problem Solver.
A Generalized End-User Facility Architecture for Relational Database Systems.
Domain-Oriented Relational Languages.
POREL: A Distributed Data Base on an Inhomogeneous Computer Network.
Data Base Support and Interactive Graphics.
Multi-Level Structures of the DBTG Data Model for an Achievement of Physical Data Independence.
Self-Descriptive Relational Data Base.
Data Base Design by Applied Data Synthesis.
The Decomposition Versus Synthetic Approach to Relational Database Design.
A Consideration on Normal Form of Not-Necessarily-Normalized Relation in the Relational Data Model.
Decomposition and Composition of a Relational Database.
The Role Concept in Data Models.
Multiple View Support within the ANSI/SPARC Framework.
Implementation of a Fuzzy-Set Theoretic Data Structure System (Abstract).
On Semantic Issues Connected with Incomplete Information Data Bases (Abstract).
Protection of Information in Relational Data Bases.
Scheduling Algorithms for Avoiding Inconsistency in Large Databases.
A Kernel Design for a Secure Data Base Management System.
Auditing Large Scale Data Bases.
A Simulation Model for Performance Analysis of Large Shared Data Bases.
CS4: A Tool for Database Design by Infological Simulation (Abstract).
A Data Base Design Decision Support System.
Evaluation and Optimization.
Validation and Verification Aspects of Information Modeling.
A Note on the Survey: ``Future of Database Technology''.