Ordering Information, Conference Organizers, Program Committees, Additional Reviewers, Additional Demonstrations Reviewers, Sponsors, VLDB Endowment, Preface, Foreword.
Practical Applications of Triggers and Constraints: Success and Lingering Issues (10-Year Award).
Biodiversity Informatics: The Challenge of Rapid Development, Large Databases, and Complex Data (Keynote).
Toto, We're Not in Kansas Anymore: On Transitioning from Research to the Real (Invited Industrial Talk).
Rethinking Database System Architecture: Towards a Self-Tuning RISC-Style Database System.
PicoDMBS: Scaling Down Database Techniques for the Smartcard.
The 3W Model and Algebra for Unified Data Mining.
Design and Implementation of a Genetic-Based Algorithm for Data Mining.
Mining Frequent Itemsets Using Support Constraints.
Efficient Filtering of XML Documents for Selective Dissemination of Information.
Efficiently Publishing Relational Data as XML Documents.
Schema Mapping as Query Discovery.
Local Dimensionality Reduction: A New Approach to Indexing High Dimensional Spaces.
Dynamic Maintenance of Wavelet-Based Histograms.
Approximate Query Processing Using Wavelets.
Efficient Numerical Error Bounding for Replicated Network Services.
Don't Be Lazy, Be Consistent: Postgres-R, A New Way to Implement Database Replication.
Offering a Precision-Performance Tradeoff for Aggregation Queries over Replicated Data.
Manipulating Interpolated Data is Easier than You Thought.
Using SQL to Build New Aggregates and Extenders for Object- Relational Systems.
ICICLES: Self-Tuning Samples for Approximate Query Answering.
Caching Strategies for Data-Intensive Web Sites.
The Evolution of the Web and Implications for an Incremental Crawler.
CheeTah: a Lightweight Transaction Server for Plug-and-Play Internet Data Management.
Hypothetical Queries in an OLAP Environment.
Hierarchical Compact Cube for Range-Max Queries.
Temporal Queries in OLAP.
Integrating the UB-Tree into a Database System Kernel.
Multi-Dimensional Database Allocation for Parallel Data Warehouses.
Oracle8i Index-Organized Table and Its Application to New Domains.
FALCON: Feedback Adaptive Loop for Content-Based Retrieval.
User-Adaptive Exploration of Multidimensional Data.
Toward Learning Based Web Query Processing.
Optimizing Queries on Compressed Bitmaps.
What Happens During a Join? Dissecting CPU and Memory Optimization Effects.
Set Containment Joins: The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.
Identifying Representative Trends in Massive Time Series Data Sets Using Sketches.
Decision Tables: Scalable Classification Exploring RDBMS Capabilities.
Fast Time Sequence Indexing for Arbitrary Lp Norms.
Novel Approaches in Query Processing for Moving Object Trajectories.
Managing Intervals Efficiently in Object-Relational Databases.
Optimizing Multi-Feature Queries for Image Databases.
Contrast Plots and P-Sphere Trees: Space vs. Time in Nearest Neighbour Searches.
Temporal Integrity Constraints with Indeterminacy.
The BT-tree: A Branched and Temporal Access Method.
Performance Issues in Incremental Warehouse Maintenance.
The Challenge of Process Data Warehousing.
A Scalable Algorithm for Answering Queries Using Views.
Automated Selection of Materialized Views and Indexes in SQL Databases.
What Is the Nearest Neighbor in High Dimensional Spaces?
The A-tree: An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Spaces Using Relative Approximation.
Focused Crawling Using Context Graphs.
Approximating Aggregate Queries about Web Pages via Random Walks.
Computing Geographical Scopes of Web Resources.
A Case-Based Approach to Information Integration.
Approximate Query Translation Across Heterogeneous Information Sources.
Design and Development of a Stream Service in a Heterogenous Client Environment.
Semantic Access: Semantic Interface for Querying Databases.
The TreeScape System: Reuse of Pre-Computed Aggregates over Irregular OLAP Hierarchies.
OLAP++: Powerful and Easy-to-Use Federations of OLAP and Object Databases.
Memex: A Browsing Assistant for Collaborative Archiving and Mining of Surf Trails.
Building and Customizing Data-Intensive Web Sites Using Weave.
Information Integration: The MOMIS Project Demonstration.
Telcordia's Database Reconciliation and Data Quality Analysis Tool.
Rainbow: Distributed Database System for Classroom Education and Experimental Research.
Agora: Living with XML and Relational.
Publish/Subscribe on the Web at Extreme Speed.
Demonstration: Enabling Scalable Online Personalization on the Web.
INSITE: A Tool for Interpreting Users? Interaction with a Web Space.
Model-Based Information Integration in a Neuroscience Mediator System.
Push Technology Personalization through Event Correlation.
XPERANTO: Middleware for Publishing Object-Relational Data as XML Documents.
Building Scalable Internet Applications with Oracle8i Server.
Social, Educational, and Governmental Change Enabled through Information Technology.
A 20/20 Vision of the VLDB-2020?
Panel: Is Generic Metadata Management Feasible?
Panel: Future Directions of Database Research - The VLDB Broadening Strategy, Part 1.
Panel: Future Directions of Database Research - The VLDB Broadening Strategy, Part 2.
An Ultra Highly Available DBMS.
The Zero Latency Enterprise.
High-Performance and Scalability through Application Tier,In-Memory Data Management.
Asera: Extranet Architecture for B2B Solutions.
Linking Business to Deliver Value: A Data Management Challenge.
Evolution of Groupware for Business Applications: A Database Perspective on Lotus Domino/Notes.
Process Automation as the Foundation for E-Business.
Media360 Workflow-Implementing a Workflow Engine Inside a Database.
Work and Information Practices in the Sciences of Biodiversity.
Research Directions in Biodiversity Informatics.
Biodiversity Informatics Infrastructure: An Information Commons for the Biodiversity Community.
A Database Platform for Bioinformatics.
Data Mining in the Bioinformatics Domain.
Controlling Data Warehouses with Knowledge Networks.
Integration of Data Mining with Database Technology.
E.piphany Epicenter Technology Overview.
Concurrency in the Data Warehouse.
