Some Large Questions about Very Large Data Bases.
Splitting the Conceptual Schema.
An Introduction to the Unified Database Language (UDL).
Path Expressions for Complex Queries and Automatic Database Program Conversion.
On Retrieval from a Small Version of a Large Data Base.
Estimation of the Number of Tuples Satisfying a Query Expressed in Predicate Calculus Language.
Processing Conjunctive Predicates and Queries.
SIRIUS: A French Nationwide Project on Distributed Data Bases.
Database Snapshots.
Analysis of Distributed Data Base Processing Strategies.
Data Abstraction, Databases and Conceptual Modelling.
A Conceptual Model for Semantic Integrity Checking.
Fast Maintenance of Semantic Integrity Assertions Using Redundant Aggregate Data.
Knowledge-Based Query Processing.
A Pragmatic Approach to Database Design.
The Development and Application of Data Base Design Tools and Methodology.
Managing Systems That Manage Data.
Quintillabit: Parameters of a Hyperlarge Database.
OFS: An Integrated Form Management System.
A Dialogue Interface for Data Base Applications.
Semantics vs. Graphics - To Show or not to Show.
Distributed Database Systems.
Efficient Access of Compressed Data.
Linear Hashing: A New Tool for File and Table Addressing.
Linear Hashing with Partial Expansions.
Data Planning.
Extension Joins.
What does Boyce-Codd Normal Form Do?
Functional Dependencies and Incomplete Information.
Distributed Concurrency Control in Database Systems.
Timestamp-Based Algorithms for Concurrency Control in Distributed Database Systems.
Update Synchronization in Distributed Databases.
Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocols with Shared and Exclusive Locks.
Status Report on ISO/TC97/SC5/WG3 - Data Base Management Systems.
Standardization and the Relational Approach to Databases: An ANSI Task Group Status Report.
EEV Evaluation and Implementation of Database Systems.
Telidon and the Human Factors of Videotex Data Bases.
DB1 - A DBMS-Based Application Generator.
Production Program Generation in a Flexible Data Dictionary System.
An Intuitive Approach to Normalize Network Structured Data.
Database Theory and its Relationship to Practice.
On the Design of a Reliable Storage Component for Distributed Database Management Systems.
The Analysis of the Effects of Concurrency Control on Distributed Database System Performance.
Strategies for Handling Transactions in Distributed Data Base Systems During Recovery.
Database Machines.
Some Features of the TAXIS Data Model.
Translation Structures of Relational Views.
Some Analytic Tools for the Design of Relational Database Systems.
DBMS Standards: Current Status and Future Directions.