Multiprocessor Hash-Based Join Algorithms.
Some Experimental Results on Distributed Join Algorithms in a Local Network.
The Private Workspace Model Feasibility and Applications to 2PL Performance Improvements.
G-WHIZ, a Visual Interface for the Functional Model with Recursion.
Multirelations - Semantice and Languages.
ARIEL - A Semantic Front-End to Relational DBMSs.
File Processing Efficiency on the Content Addressable File Store.
Dynamic and Order Preserving Data Partitioning for Database Machines.
Design of a Signature File Method that Accounts for Non-Uniform Occurrence and Query Frequencies.
Updating Replicated Data During Communications Failures.
On-the-Fly, Incremental, Consistent Reading of Entire Databases.
Understanding the Implications of View Update Policies.
Concurrency Control in B+-Trees Databases Using Preparatory Operations.
Pre-Analysis Locking: A Safe and Deadlock Free Locking Policy.
Locking with Prevention of Cyclic and Infinite Restarting in Distributed Database Systems.
An Object-Oriented Environment for OIS Applications.
The Type Concept in Office Document Retrieval.
"Fill-in-the-Form" Programming.
Local and Global Query Optimization Mechanisms for Relational Databases.
A Time Bound on the Materialization of some Recursively Defined Views.
A Tool for Modular Database Design.
Database Design Tools: An Expert System Approach.
The MR Diagram - A Model for Conceptual Database Design.
Incremental File Reorganization Schemes.
Selective Deferred Index Maintenance & Concurrency Control in Integrated Information Systems.
Bit Transposed Files.
NetBook - a Data Model to Support Knowledge Exploration.
Accommodating Exceptions in Databases, and Refining the Schema by Learning from them.
Coping with Complexity in Automated Reasoning about Database Systems.
A Model of CAD Transactions.
An Architecture and Data Model for CAD Databases.
An Extensible Object-Oriented Approach to Databases for VLSI/CAD.
Update Semantics for Incomplete Databases.
Hit Data Model Data Bases from the Functional Point of View.
Determining when a Structure is a Nested Relation.
A Knowledge-Based Approach to Data Management for Intelligent User Interfaces.
The Representation and Deductive Retrieval of Complex Objects.
Functional Dependencies in Logic Programs.
An Evaluation of Buffer Management Strategies for Relational Database Systems.
An Efficient Implementation of a Relational Data Base.
Database Machine Morphology.
On Semantic Reefs and Efficient Processing of Correlation Queries with Aggregates.
Data Constructors: On the Integration of Rules and Relations.
Computing Queries from Derived Relations.