Referential Integrity.
Data Model Theory Meets a Practical Application.
Modelling Events a Data Base Application Design.
On Modelling Behavioural Semantics of Databases.
Design and Analysis of a Relational Join Operation for VLSI.
A Commercial Back-End Data Base System.
Hardware Organization for Nonnumeric Processing.
Concepts of Sorting and Projection in a Cellular Array.
Algorithms for Acyclic Database Schemes.
Join Graphs and Acyclic Database Schemes.
Constraints on Null Values in Relational Databases.
A Theory of Correct Locking Protocols for Database Systems.
Optimistic Methods for Concurrency Control in Distributed Database Systems.
Logical Integration of Locally Independent Relational Databases into a Distributed Database.
The Transaction Concept: Virtues and Limitations (Invited Paper).
Transaction Monitoring in ENCOMPASS: Reliable Distributed Transaction Processing.
A Resource Class Independent Deadlock Detection Algorithm.
User Interfaces for Pictorial Data Bases.
Data Base System Performance Prediction Using an Analytical Model (Invited Paper).
A Performance Evaluation of Data Base Machine Architectures (Invited Paper).
Theoretical and Practical Tools for Data Base Design.
A Method for Defining Information Structures and Transactions in Conceptual Schema Design.
Information Systems Design Approach Integrating Data and Transactions.
Impacts of Logic and Databases (Invited Paper).
Data Models and Data Manipulation Languages: Complementary Semantics and Proof Theory.
Efficient Processing of Interactive Relational Data Base Queries expressed in Logic.
Data Base Machines: System Evaluation and Conversion Issues.
Deferring Updates in a Relational Data Base System.
Derived Relations: A Unified Mechanism for Views, Snapshots, and Distributed Data.
A Transformational Framework for the Automatic Control of Derived Data.
Separability - An Approach to Physical Data Base Design.
Digital B-Trees.
Reduced Cover-Trees and their Application in the Sabre Access Path Model.
Integrating Data Base and Message Systems (Invited Paper).
IML-Inscribed Nets for Modeling Text Processing and Data (Base) Management Systems.
The Active Information System: A Data-Driven System for the Analysis of Imprecise Data.
Distributed Data Processing Versus Distributed Data Base Processing.
On Representing Incomplete Information in a Relational Data Base.
Independent Components of Databases.
Systematic Derivation of Complementary Specifications.
A Compression Technique for Large Statistical Data-Bases.
Application of Data Compression to a Large Bibliographic Data Base.
Application of DBMS to Land Information Systems.
A History of System R and SQL/Data System (Invited Paper).
DSIS - A Database System with Interrelational Semantics.
The Implementation of GERM, An Entity-Relationship Data Base Management System.
Data Bases for Software Development.
Scheduling of Page-Fetches in Join Operations.
Concurrent Data Base Reorganization - Assessment of a Powerful Technique through Modeling.
QUIST: A System for Semantic Query Optimization in Relational Databases.
The Optimization Strategy for Query Evaluation in RDB/V1.
A Database Approach to Modelling and Managing Security Information.
Synergistic Authorization in Database Systems.
SUBJECT: A Directory Driven System for Organizing and Accessing Large Statistical Databases.
Data Dictionaries: An Assessment of Current Practice and Problems.