Query-by-Example: the Invocation and Definition of Tables and Forms.
Semantic Integrity in a Relational Data Base System.
Functional Specifications of Subsystem for Database Integrity.
The Use of Cluster Analysis in Physical Data Base Design.
Data Models for Secondary Storage Representations.
Stanford's Generalized Database System.
Using Semantic Networks for Database Management.
Specification of Stored Data Structures and Desired Output Results in DIAM II with FORAL.
The Enity-Relationship Model: Toward a Unified View of Data.
Restructuring for Large Data Bases: Three Levels of Abstraction.
On the Feasibility of Implementing a Large Relational Data Base with Optimal Performance on a Mini-Computer.
A Multi-Level Architecture for Relational Data Base Systems.
Automating Logical File Design.
A Data Base Management Facility for Automatic Generation of Data Base Managers.
Selection of File Organization Using an Analytic Model.
Definition and Evaluation of Access Rules in Data Management Systems.
Automatic Data Base Schema Design and Optimization.
Hierarchical Performance Analysis Models for Data Base Systems.
Optimal Choice of Data Restructuring Points.
Needed: Distributed Control.
Database Experience in the Netherlands PTT (ITCIS).
A Computer Architecture for Large (Distributed) Data Bases.
Optimal Allocation of Resources in Distributed Information Networks.
Granularity of Locks in a Large Shared Data Base.
On the Encipherment of Search Trees and Random Access Files.
The Design of a Rotating Associative Array Memory for a Relational Database Management Application.
Keyword Access to a Mass Storage Device at the Record Level.
CASSM: A Cellular System for Very Large Data Bases.
Estimating Response Time for Auxiliary Memory Configuartions with Multiple Movable-Head Disk Modules.
A DBMS for the U.S. Bureo of the Census.
Implementation Strategies for the Census Data Base.
Using Large Data Bases for Interactive Problem Solving.
Analyzing Transaction Activity to a Large Data Base: An Empirical Study.
Multiple Concurrent Updates.
An Optimizable Model for Application of Rollback/Restart/Recovery Procedures for Large Data Bases.
An Experiment in Dedicated Data Management.
Analysis of VSAM's Free-Space Behavior.
Reorganization Points for File Designs with Nonlinear Processing Costs.
Query Execution and Index Selection for Relational Data Bases.
Hardware and System Architecture for a Very Large Database.
Partial-Match Queries and File Designs.
Recent Results on the Attribute Based Data Model - A Tutorial.
Datalanguage: The Access Language on the Datacomputer.
On the Implementation of a Logical Data Base Converter.
Features of a Conceptual Schema.
Different Views of a Data Base: Coexistence between Network Model and Relational Model.
Multi-Level Data Model in DPLS - Database, Dynamic Program Control & Open-Ended Pol Support.
Binary Search Tree Complex - Towards the Implementation of Relations.
File Directory Design Considerations for Distributed Data Bases.
Design Principles of a Data Base System for Unlimited Quantities of Data with Highly Complex Structures.
An Experimental VM/370 Based Information System.
PRTV: An Efficient Implementation for Large Relational Data Bases.