Locking and Recovery in a Shared Database System: An Application Programming Tutorial.
Spatial Management of Data (Abstract).
Towards more Informative User Interfaces.
Logical Design of Deductive Natural Language Consultable Data Bases.
A System for Interactive Error Detection.
Towards a Universal Relation Interface.
Multivalued Dependencies with Null Values in Relational Data Bases.
Algorithmic Applications for a new Result on Multivalued Dependencies.
Generalized Mutual Dependencies and the Decomposition of Database Relations.
The Quest for Comprehensive Semantic Formalisms.
Functional Specification of a Decision Support System.
Implementation of the IRRD Data Base in Portugal.
A Description Language and Pilot-System Executive for Information-Transport Systems.
Software Requirement Definition and Data Models.
An External Schema Facility for CODASYL 1978.
On the Role of `Understanding Models' in Conceptual Schema Design.
Statistice for the Usage of a Conceptual Data Model as a Basis for Logical Data Base Design.
An Optimized Backout Mechanism for Sequential Updates.
On Search Performance for Conjunctive Queries in Compressed, Fully Transposed Ordered Files.
Minimizing the I/O-Operations for Undo-Logging in Database Systems.
Some Very Large Data Bases in Developing Countries.
The ADAPT System: A Generalized Approach Towards Data Conversion.
The Functional Dependency Model for Logical Database Design.
Monitoring Integrity Constraints in a CODASYL-Like DBMS.
A Designer for DBMS-Processable Logical Database Structures.
The Entity Join.
Fundamental and Secondary Issues in the Design of Non-Procedural Relational Languages.
Tools for Information System Dynamics Management.
Interactive Specification and Formal Verification of User's Views in Data Bases Design.
Database Concurrent Processor.
Data Base Management Systems Security and INGRES.
Proving Consistency of Database Transactions.
Database Program Conversion: A Framework for Research.
A Methodologic Guide-Line for the Instalation of Data Base Development Tools and Data Administration Tools: Two Case Studies from Brazil.
A DBMS for Large Statistical Databases.
1978 New Orleans Data Base Design Workshop Report.
Transaction and Catalog Management of the Distributed File Management System DISCO.
On Optimistic Methods for Concurrency Control.
Decentralized Authorization in a Database System.
Two-Phase Deadlock Detection Algorithm in Distributed Databases.
The Problem of Multiple Paths in a Database Schema.
Ambiguity in Processing Boolean Queries on TDMS Tree Structures: A Study of Four Different Philosophies.
Parallel Processing of Relations: A Single-Assignment Approach.
Query Processing in a Relational Database Management System.
Distribution Models of Relations.
Application of Sub-Predicate Tests in Database Systems.
Program Development by Transformations Applied to Relational Database Queries.
Semantic Checking of Questions Expressed in Predicate Calculus Language.